---
title: Cleaner logs
slide: '<!-- .slide: data-visibility="hidden"-->'
---

<!-- .slide: data-state="layout-title" class="bg-dark"-->

---

# Cleaner logs

Git logs is a great way to take a peek at your history, but sometimes the history is too long and you don't want to go through all of it. How can you get a more consise commit, within a date range, containing a specific keyword.

I'll give you a couple of seconds to think about how you'd do something like this.

---
# Solution

Most of us take the git log command for granted, but there's a lot of power in that statement, so let's take a look at a few of the options.

The first is my favorite and that's the --oneline flag.

That makes the logs super concise. It's nice for when you want to condense the logs.

Another one of my favorite options is the time flats. There is one for --before and one for --after.

They take pretty much any date formata even in common english.

fatal: unrecognized argument: --online
% git log --oneline                                                          main 
% git log --oneline -p                                                       main 

% git log --oneline --after="yesterday"                                      main 
% git log --oneline --after="one month ago"                                  main 
% git log --oneline --after="two months ago"                                 main 
% git log --oneline --after="6 months ago"                                   main 
% git log --oneline --after="24 months ago"                                  main 
% git log --oneline --after="20 months ago"                                  main 
% git log --oneline --after="15 months ago"                                  main 
% git log --oneline                                                          main 
% git log --oneline --grep="animation"                                       main 



---
# Conclusion

With any of git's commands, there's usually a lot of options and it really pays to dig through the documentation.